Classes:
    The different playable character classes come with unique stats to help (or hinder) a player.

    Warrior: As a tank, the warrior has exceptional HP, defense, and armor / shields. He is hampered his slow speed and slow leveling.

    Mage: The mage is a glass cannon with excellent damage but low health. Aim to take your enemies out first turn, or be ready to take massive damage!

    Hunter: The jack of all trades, hunter has the most average stats all around, plus a high dodge ability.

    Archer: Deadly from a distance, the archer has low damage but makes up for it with a high crit chance on his well aimed arrows. He is average in his other stats.

    Monk: The meditative monk features the highest dodge ability, as well as a leveling rate which rivals the mage. Average in his other abilities.

    Assassin: The assassin's low health is at stake in every battle. The only damage he can output is from criticals, with a 50% chance to hit on any attack. Want to roll the dice of fate?

    Barbarian: With enough attack force to humble a wild boar, the barbarian uses his mighty strength to pumble his opponents, however his primitive nature hinders technological prowess.

    Knight: As a defensive unit, the Knight can take vast hits with his staggering defense and high HP. His low Attack, and leveling hinder him, but he is seemingly invincible in battle.

Main Gameplay:
    While playing, you will have two main choices, Adventuring or Camping.

    Adventure:
        A random selection of a battle, item, riddle, traveler.

        Battle: battle will give you several battle commands: attack, defend, run, use item, coinflip to heal for 100g.
            Upon finishing a battle, you are rewarded with gold and exp.

        Item: You luck upon an item, be it a piece of armor, shield, weapon, or usable item for battle.

        Riddle: Answering a riddle correctly will provide you with gold and XP!

        Traveler: A lone traveler may appear, providing a tidbit of wisdom and gifting you some XP, gold, or nothing.


    Camp: camping will regenerate your health, and offer features like:
        adventure
        manage your item
        look at your hero stats
        buy items or answer a riddle from a peddler
        fix or buy gear from the blacksmith
        load an existing game
        save the game
        quit the game
